c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\obj\Debug\WebApiOAuthBase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.WebApi.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.pdb
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.WebApi.pdb
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\TestApiController.dll
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\TestApiController.pdb
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\WebApiOAuthBase.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\WebApiOAuthBase.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\WebApiOAuthBase.Identity.dll
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\WebApiOAuthBase.Identity.pdb
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\WebApiOAuthBase.Web.dll.config
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\WebApiOAuthBase.Web.dll
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\WebApiOAuthBase.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\obj\Debug\WebApiOAuthBase.Web.dll
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\obj\Debug\WebApiOAuthBase.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\WebApiOAuthBase.LoggingAndAudit.dll
C:\Users\Gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOAuthBase\bin\WebApiOAuthBase.LoggingAndAudit.pdb
