c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\WebApiOwinBase.dll.config
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\WebApiOwinBase.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\WebApiOwinBase.pdb
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\obj\Debug\WebApiOwinBase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\obj\Debug\WebApiOwinBase.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\obj\Debug\WebApiOwinBase.pdb
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\gaetan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OwinWebApiBase\WebApiOwinBase\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
